1. Who developed Python Programming Language? 
Ans:-  Guido Van Rossum is Developed python programming language.

2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
Ans:-Python supports object-oriented, aspect-oriented, structural, functional programming. 

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
Ans:-YES, Python is case sensitive while dealing with identifiers.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
Ans: - .py is correct extension of the python file.

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
Ans :- Python code is Interpreted Language.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
Ans :- a module, a function body, a class definition, are the few blocks of code used to define in python language.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python? 
Ans :- #  character is used to give single-line comments in python 
Ex: code---# avinash.
8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
Ans : the function sys.version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called?
Ans : Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called lambda()
10. What does pip stand for python? 
Ans : pip stands for preferred installer program.	.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
Ans : few built in functions are bool(),float(),input(),int(),list() range().etc..

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 
Ans: Identifier can have maximum possible length of 79

13. What are the benefits of using Python? 
Ans : benefits of python is easy learn and use,hundread of libraries and frameworks,versatility,speed,reliability,data analyzation many more.

14. How is memory managed in Python? 
Ans: memory managed in python by private heap containing all objects and data structures

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans: User Variables, double-click on the entry that says Path. Another window will pop up showing a list of paths. Click the New button and paste the path to your Python executable there. Once that's inserted, select your newly added path and click the Move Up button until it's at the top.

 16. Is indentation required in python? 
Ans : indentation required in python to indicate a block of code.
